Office Excel Add-in built on Blazor WASM Web Technologies (#318)
OfficeDev/Office-Add-in-samples: Samples/blazor-add-in/excel-blazor-add-in/README.md

  technologies: Add-ins
  createdDate: '05/26/2022 10:00:00 PM'
description: 'Create a Blazor Webassembly Excel add-in showcasing some samples.'
---

# Create a Blazor Webassembly Excel add-in

This sample shows how to build an Excel add-in using .NET Blazor technologies. Blazor Webassembly allows you to build Office Add-ins using .NET, C#, and JavaScript to interact with the Office JS API. The add-in uses JavaScript to work with the document and Office JS APIs, but you build the user interface and all other non-Office interactions in C# and .NET Core Blazor technologies.

- Work with Blazor Webassembly in the context of Office.
- Build cross-platform Office Add-ins using Blazor, C# and JavaScript Interop.
- Initialize the Office JavaScript API library in Blazor context.
- Interact with Excel to manipulate worksheets.
- Interact with workbook content through Office JavaScript APIs.

## Applies to

- Excel on the web, Windows, and Mac.

## Prerequisites

- Microsoft 365 - Get a [free developer sandbox](https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/dev-program#Subscription) that provides a renewable 90-day Microsoft 365 E5 developer subscription.

## Run the sample

> 1. Download or clone [this](https://github.com/OfficeDev/Office-Add-in-samples) repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download or clone the [Office Add-ins samples repository](https://github.com/OfficeDev/Office-Add-in-samples).
```

> 1. Open Visual Studio 2022, and open the **Office-Add-in-samples\Samples\blazor-add-in\excel-blazor-add-in\excel-blazor-add-in.sln** solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open Visual Studio 2022 and open the **Office-Add-in-samples\Samples\blazor-add-in\excel-blazor-add-in\excel-blazor-add-in.sln** solution.
```
